Switching to correct online route (#4305)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Predictive cache optimization for reducing memory and CPU consumption on very long and complex routes. ([#4283](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4283))
* Fixed reset of DR driving out of the tunnel for a brief moment. ([#4283](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4283))
* Fix the issue where continuous alternative routes are not vanishied correctly. ([#4283](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4283))

> * Fixed an issue when sometimes switching to conincident online route could result in using a route with different geometry then original one. ([#4305](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4305))

Reviewer: Maybe:
```suggestion
* Fixed an issue when sometimes switching to a coincident online route could result in using a route with different geometry. ([#4305](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/4305))
```
